Netherlands scored twice in the final minutes through Cody Gakpo and substitute Davy Klaassen to beat Senegal 2-0 in their World Cup Group A match at Al Thumama Stadium on Monday. The Dutch, who missed out on the 2018 World Cup, looked to be heading for a scrappy goalless draw after wasting several good chances but man-of-the-match Gakpo beat keeper Edouard Mendy and nod in a deep Frenkie De Jong cross with the back of his head.Klaassen then pounced on a weak Mendy save to score on the rebound nine minutes into stoppage time.The Dutch join Ecuador, 2-0 winners over Qatar on Sunday, on three points at the top of the group and the top two meet on Friday.The 23-year-old Gakpo, who has now scored three goals in his last four internationals, had their first opportunity after four minutes but tried to square the ball to Steven Bergwijn instead of going for goal.That was followed by a Daley Blind header at the far post that flew wide before Steven Berghuis sent Bergwijn through and he laid it off for the unmarked De Jong in the box.
The midfielder took far too long to release the ball, however, and his effort was blocked.
The African champions were badly missing injured talisman Sadio Mane and did not manage a shot on target until the 65th minute when Boulaye Dia's tried to sneak one past goalkeeper Andries Noppert, making his Dutch debut, from a tight angle.Senegal had a bit more possession in the second half but despite the relentless drumming from their small fan group in the stands could not find the back of the net.To make matters worse, Cheikhou Kouyate had to be taken off injured before Gakpo snuck in to snatch the opening goal.Klaassen made sure of the three points with a tap-in in stoppage time after Mendy palmed a Memphis Depay shot into his path.The Dutch are now undefeated in 16 matches under coach Louis van Gaal. They also stretched an unbeaten record in their opening game at World Cups that dates back to 1938. Rodrigo Bentancur's late double secured a thrilling 4-3 victory for Tottenham Hotspur over Leeds United in the Premier League on Saturday -- the hosts coming from behind three times. Antonio Conte's side appeared to be signing off before the World Cup with a third successive home league defeatas an attack-minded Leeds led 3-2 with less than 10 minutes left thanks to Rodrigo's brace. But Bentancur's deflected shot made it 3-3 in the 81st minute and two minutes later the Uruguayan midfielder was set up by Dejan Kulusevski for a simple finish to somehow leave the visitors empty-handed. Leeds, who had led early on through the in-form Crysencio Summerville, ended the match with 10 men after Tyler Adams was shown a second yellow card in the closing stages. Tottenham had levelled initially through Harry Kane's 12th goal of the season with Ben Davies making it 2-2. Victory briefly lifted Tottenham into third place with 29 points from 15 games but they dropped back to fourth after Newcastle beat Chelsea 1-0 later on Saturday. Leeds are on 15 points in 14th place. "I think the positive things are that we showed great character, great desire and great will not to give up," Conte told reporters. "The negative side, to concede three goals is never good. A team that wants to be competitive, to concede three goals is never positive. You need to find stability." Tottenham's habit of starting slowly returned to haunt them as Summerville's fourth goal in as many top-flight games put Leeds ahead in the 10th minute. The Dutch winger was played in by Brenden Aaronson and then struck a low shot past Hugo Lloris.He almost made it 2-0 before Kane levelled for Tottenham after Leeds goalkeeper Illan Meslier's weak punch out arrived at the England captain who made no mistake. Leeds regained the lead just before halftime when Brazil-born Spaniard Rodrigo fired past Lloris following a corner. Davies made it 2-2 early in the second half, reacting well after Kane's goalbound effort was blocked by Rasmus Kristensen. Leeds continued to threaten though and took the lead for the third time when Rodrigo's shot crept in at the far post with Tottenham appealing for a foul in the build-up. Tottenham dredged up one final effort, though, and Bentancur proved the hero to secure a victory that consolidates their place in the top four. They are also in the last 16 of the Champions League and Conte will head into the World Cup shutdown satisfied, even if he knows Tottenham are far from the finished article."I have to be really pleased with the commitment and behaviour of my players and honestly I have to consider everything, and for this reason I think that we did a really good job in the first half of the season," he said.
